When I usually ask myself of when I looked into the field of engineering or when I first saw myself with the real passion of engineering, I don't usually talk about the big achievements or moments that everyone sees. I talk about my experience with my $8 Peltier modules. This experience wasn't part of any assignment, it was a passion project. I bought a $8 Peltier module it  online after watching videos online about their use cases. I put my hot laptop on one side and cold ice- cold snow on the other as, and I sat outside with my multimeters trying to figure out how much electricity was generated bywith the temperature difference. I’d bought a $8 Peltier module online after watching videos about their use cases. The best part was that there was no instruction manual or guidelines, it was just my pure imagination and frozencold  fingers. Sometimes I think that my little projects are more important and influential to me than any of my bigger projects because of the impact they have made on me and as well as the direction they have led me to. This was the starting - a simple experiment that changed how I thought about learning, especiallyand thinking outside of school. The memory latching moment was not just about messing with Peltier modules, but about the fact that I realized I could teach myself to understand a difficult concepts and process deeply from scratch.

LI find it that life for me has always been a chain of discoveries. I've built random tools around my house, like an online parking assist for myself or a thermometer stand made from of cardboard or the kitchen just to make things a little better. Neitherone of these were huge projects, but theydefinitely helped me explore how to build the kind of world I want to live in 20 years down the line and how I can improve it. TNow that I reflect on it, tinkering with random stuff doesn't feel only like a hobby - it is starting to becaome how I thought about the world,  solved problems and expressed myself. In high school, tThis ledmindset carried with me towhen I  joined  the Tulsa Undergraduate Research Challenge (TURC) as a high school student. At first, I was really nervous. because I expected myself to spend the whole summer standing quietly in the back of the roomand watching actual college students run the experiments; however,, thatbut I quickly changedfound myself wrong. I doveThe plans for me started quickly going into exciting research oninto Bio - char, a based renewable protection to prevent rust build up on iron. I used machines I never thought I would have access to, let alone touch. The process felt very intimidating at first, but as I asked questions and tried things out, I grew more confidentfelt like I belonged a little more. The feeling of knowing that you are contributing to something great hit me hard. 

TURChat project was a turning point in my life as it taught me that real confidence isn't about being the smartest one or the coolest one in the room, but it’smore about engaging with the, asking, trying, building a community around you and earning mutual respect through your efforts. I learned toSo far, this experience has helped me navigate unfamiliar spaces, and to collaborate with people that were I don't know who are more experienced than I wasme. IAn important realizedation is that I couldcan do all of this while makeing meaningful contributions not by pretending to know everything, but by having the desirewill to learn and go through the boring pain. This confidence has helped me shaped how I approach newvarious  problems in life –. E even the ones that are not engineering related — like when I’mwhether I’m mentoring peers or, volunteering in my community, or diving into a new engineering side project.

More than anything, I have realized that discovery is not just about breakthroughs in a lab, but more about making a positive impact for the world while building connections between people and ideas. Collaboration can't just reliesy on limited factors like authority, but on shared goals and mutual respect and. I know for a fact that this belief will guide me as I explore more about the field of engineering, where no innovation doesn’t happens in an isolated world. What started as a small scale at home research project in the snow turned into a desire to work in a lab scale environment and it wont stop there. I am determined and passionate to keep exploring technologies that solve real world problems, like new forms of solar powered renewable energy or integrating Peltier systems into walls for passive electricity generation. Whether it is a small everyday tiny home solution fix or a global challenge, I now see discovery as a lifelong process that will guide me though life. All it takes is a question, a bit of thinking, and a willingness to believe in yourself that small ideas can lead to big outcomes.
